README.md, before:

# _Bon Appetizers_

#### _A web application for a catering business. 10 Feb 2017_

#### By _**Jim Padilla**_

## Description

This Rails 5 app is an easy-to-use app that allows users to view the for-sale inventory of Bon Appetizers, a fictional catering business. The Administrator User has the power to create, edit, or delete the inventory items on the site.

## Heroku
[View on Heroku](www.google.com)

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _In the Terminal, run:_
```
git clone https://github.com/JPCodes/bon-appetizers-rails
cd bon-appetizers-rails
bundle install
rake db:create
rake db:migrate
rake db:seed
rails server
```
* _Then, in any modern browser, navigate to:_
```
localhost:3000
```

## Support and contact details

_Github: [JPCodes](https://github.com/JPCodes)_
_LinkedIn: [Jim Padilla](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jpcodes)_

## Technologies Used

* _Rails_
  * _Rspec_
  * _ActiveRecord_
  * _SimpleCov_
  * _FactoryGirl_
* _Ruby_
* _JavaScript_
* _Bootstrap_

### License

Bon Appetizers is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

Bon Appetizers is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with the Bon Appetizers. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Jim Padilla_**

Commit message:

Add spec code to delete images after testing

README.md, after:

# _Bon Appetizers_

#### _A web application for a catering business. 10 Feb 2017_

#### By _**Jim Padilla**_

## Description

This Rails 5 app is an easy-to-use app that allows users to view the for-sale inventory of Bon Appetizers, a fictional catering business. The Administrator User has the power to create, edit, or delete the inventory items on the site.

## Heroku
[Coming Soon](#)

## Setup/Installation Requirements
### Important Note: Running the RSPEC command will delete all images, for cleanliness, except for those in the spec/fixtures/images folder

* _In the Terminal, run:_
```
git clone https://github.com/JPCodes/bon-appetizers-rails
cd bon-appetizers-rails
bundle install
rake db:create
rake db:migrate
rails server
```
* _Then, in any modern browser, navigate to:_
```
localhost:3000
```

* _Give a user admin powers:_
  * First, sign up a user in the app running on your server.
  * Then:
```
rails console
user = User.find(1)
user.admin = true
user.save
```
## Support and contact details

_Github: [JPCodes](https://github.com/JPCodes)_
_LinkedIn: [Jim Padilla](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jpcodes)_

## Technologies Used

* _Rails_
  * _Rspec_
  * _ActiveRecord_
  * _SimpleCov_
  * _FactoryGirl_
* _Ruby_
* _JavaScript_
* _Bootstrap_

### License

Bon Appetizers is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

Bon Appetizers is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with the Bon Appetizers. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Jim Padilla_**
